Generate a mechanism for website users to create an account on  HYPERLINK "http://www.plantright.org/"www.plantright.org (by Feb. 16, 2011). - 4 Hours
	Collect the following info when new accounts are opened: 
*	First Name
*	Last Name
*	Email
*	Email confirmation (to ensure accuracy)
*	Login name
*	Password
*	Password confirmation (to ensure accuracy)
*	County
*	Group or company affiliation (if any)
*	Phone number
*	Have an email automatically sent to users confirming the setup of their new account
	
	
Build a webpage where volunteers can take the webinar-related quiz (by Feb. 16, 2011) – est. 30 Hours
	Sync passing of webinar-related quiz with person’s account
	Once quiz is passed, take user to the next page (see step 3)
	Sustainable Conservation will provide the quiz questions.
	
TODO - add Chart module for Quiz Statistics (optional)
TODO - add Autoload module (required)
TODO - Get list of questions from Greg
TODO - research building module for qualifying users that have passed the quiz.
	
Create a webpage for those who have passed the quiz (by Feb. 16, 2011).  This page will include: - est 5 hours
	Additional instructions and information
	Links to all printable materials (Plant ID Guide, Survey Instructions, Survey Form)
	Link to FAQ page (viewable from landing page too)
	Link to the homepage for the nursery survey
	The list of nurseries that still need to be surveyed (either on a new page or embedded within the same page)
	Sustainable Conservation will provide the content for all the above materials in section 3.
	
TODO - Get Plant ID guide
TODO - Get Survey Instructions
TODO - Get Survey form
	
Upload to the website the list of nurseries to survey (by February 16, 2011) – est. 15 hours
	Make searchable by county or as a list organized by county
	Allow users to “select” a nursery to survey
	Collect info about (i) whether they would be open to doing the survey with other volunteers, in case there are more volunteers than stores and (ii) if they are already doing the survey with other volunteers 
	Solicit permission to use photographs taken during nursery survey in future PlantRight materials
	Once the nursery is selected, take it off of the list
	Once the nursery is selected, send an email to that person as confirmation that their request was processed
	
TODO - Get list of nurseries
TODO - Research node_import module for bulk import of Nursery.csv
	
Create system for submitting data (by March 1, 2011). - est. 20 hours
	Database with open ended fields where people can submit survey data
	Include mechanism for submitting photos
	Once submitted, send automatic email confirming their submission was received and soliciting their feedback through the questionnaire.
	
TODO - Create email confirmation of submitted survey, (send to Member and Greg?)
	
Create mechanism for website administrators (John, Greg and Christiana) to download or otherwise access the data submissions (preferably in spreadsheet form). - est. 10 hours

TODO - Research module for creating .xcl or .csv files from survey submissions

Allow administrator to track participant progress (i.e. determine whether the volunteer has passed the quiz, or signed up for a store, or submitted data, etc. and when.) - est. 5 hours

TODO - Figure out how to allow Greg to track Member progress through process.

Put webinar recordings on Plantright.org/spring-nursery-survey (by March 5, 2011) – est. 1 hour
	The recording will be available in late-February, after the webinar events.
	Make sure there is a place on the nursery survey homepage where the recording (or a link to it) can go.
	
TODO- Get recordings for webinars and stuff.

Note:  Sustainable Conservation will provide stock language to be distributed in the emails mentioned above.